[event-hubs] Migration guide changes to point to motivation and additional differences (#6996)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/migrationguide.md

## General changes

> EventHubs v5 is a redesign that aligns with the new Azure SDK [guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/typescript_introduction.html#design-principles)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 5 of the `@azure/event-hubs` package is a result of our efforts to create a client library that is user friendly and idiomatic to the JavaScript ecosystem. Apart from redesigns resulting from following the new [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Typescript](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/typescript_introduction.html#design-principles), the latest version provides the below improvements:
```

for providing a better out-of-the-box experience for JavaScript developers 

> across several areas:

Reviewer: lol... This was a test @richardpark-msft 

The above 2 lines need to be deleted now that my other feedback is "incorporated"

Author: I'm actually not sure what you mean. The ##general changes should be deleted? It groups together the remaining line items. Did you want this in the "introduction" paragraph instead?

Author: I've pushed another update - looking at the change in an editor made me see some other small changes.

| In v2                                          | Equivalent in v5                                                 | Sample |
|------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| `EventHubClient.receive()` and `EventHubClient.receiveBatch()`                       | `EventHubConsumerClient.subscribe()`                               | [receiveEvents](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/typescript/src/receiveEvents.ts) |

> | Consumer group was optional | Consumer group is mandatory | [receiveEvents](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/typescript/src/receiveEvents.ts) |

Reviewer: This is already covered in the Client constructor section

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/081f98e03f8de6ef44f311d4ec60516b51aec059/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/migrationguide.md#client-constructors

Author: Wires crossed, removed.
